So to prepare the application,
cuz we're starting at step one,
let's talk about your resume.
Yeah, Jem, this is front-end interviewing
course, why aren't we doing problems yet?
Again, you gotta get in there first
before you can solve these problems.
So your resume should be one page.
Unless you're a, I don't know,
accomplished Nobel laureate and
you've got 20 patents to your name,
even 20 patents,
you can probably cut that down to 5,
the 5 good ones.
But you want one page, because as
a hiring manager or a recruiter you're
looking at thousands of resumes, thousands
and thousands and thousands of resumes.
So you want it quick and to the point.
You wanna list your skills,
you wanna list your experience,
the companies you've worked at.
You wanna look at your, they wanna
see your technology familiarity,
what sort of stacks have you worked with?
They might wanna see your education.
Some companies have a hard requirement
on CS, on a computer science degree,
some companies don't.
That is, we could do a whole other
course on do you need a CS degree for
front-end engineering, or any engineering?
Different time, different place.
But some people wanna know your education,
or any boot camps you went to,
any sort of certifications you have.
They wanna know your accomplishments,
and that's it.
You can gussy this up,
this is a snippet of my resume.
So I'm not lying to you, if I was applying
for a job this is what I'd send out.
But that's it,
don't overthink it too much,
don't spend too much time making it
pretty with graphics and all that.
You can if you want,
I'm not gonna tell you what to do.
Actually, I am gonna tell you what to do,
don't do that.
Spend your time getting to
the core requirements of what
someone's looking for.
So remember, think empathy, think, what
is the person who is trying to hire me or
hire your engineers,
what are they gonna look at?
And if you had to do that 1,000 times,
what do you wanna see,
what's gonna jump out
to you really quickly?